oh and then isil's video isil's calling
out freelee the banana girl I can't wait
to talk about that tomorrow yeah
lean it in like that video because I
called
eyes'll called freely a dried-up old
bimbo with nothing but a misleading diet
book and a pair of fake tits Polina was
like no I'm not listening to this
how dare I refer to freelee the banana
girl as a bimbo a bonus yen it's a
question that's been asked for years of
this channel I'm almost infamous at this
point for daring to use the B word no no
not the other B word bimbo I'm not
listening to this husband calls up bimbo
that's like the number one word you know
yeah actually I called those two Cuban
girls bimbos today in my video I didn't
mean anything but I was just trolling
oh just trolling the vegan activation
people hit me on a level I didn't even
know I was on you get called bimbo Lola
because you're far from the bimbo we all
make choices in life we make choices
about how we present ourselves and then
we get to find out how other people
perceive us freely had choices in life
she could have chosen to actually
research the medical claims made in her
book and on her website and in her
videos and she didn't
that makes her a bimbo it also in a
sense makes her a fraud
when people challenged her on her
credentials and said how is she
qualified how what experience does she
have that prepares her to offer the
advice that she's offering about weight
loss she said that her only credential
the only credential she needs the only
experience she's got to show is her own
body that she is a good-looking body
therefore she's qualified
that makes her a bimbo and it's a choice
people it's a choice there are plenty of
channels there's one I'm sorry I can
shut her out there's a mechanical
engineering major so young woman she
works as a mechanical engineer but she's
also on Instagram showing off her body
and giving diet and exercise advice on
YouTube and she does not present herself
as a bimbo and you can tell right away
you can just tell in the kind of highly
methodical self disciplined careful
manner in which she takes advice and
listens to the questions of the audience
she is not presenting herself as a bimbo
it's a choice and you know a lot of
women make the choice to present
themselves as bimbos because it's safe
because if you present yourself as a
bimbo nobody is going to expect you to
defend your beliefs at the same level of
rigor at the same high standards as
other people being a bimbo playing the
role of a bimbo because it's a game it's
basically like a costume people put on
it's a character type that people learn
from movies and television and then act
out in real life the same way that if
you go to a Star Trek convention there
are people there pretending to be space
aliens all right I mean it's it's
completely phony there's a sense in
which nobody is a bimbo people are only
perceived as bimbos and people almost
pretend to be bimbos people adopt these
mannerisms adopt this kind of behavior
act out this culturally familiar script
it's a way of saying don't take
- seriously I don't want to answer to
that higher standard I don't want to
live up to somebody else's expectations
and freely you know she never did she
never changed I know I know for a fact I
was in Chiang Mai
I saw freely by the way you know there's
no big deal didn't change my life
I know freely watched my videos
criticizing her when there's a video on
the internet that I presented in which I
just straight-up said he it is a lie to
claim that garlic contains a neurotoxin
that vegans should refuse to eat garlic
because garlic contains Nero dogs and I
pointed out freely does have a footnote
she does have a citation for her claim
that garlic contains no dog
you click on that citation and read it
and it is complete [ __ ] and
certainly freely is not the only person
playing this game and women are not the
only ones playing this game I was just
looking at a guy who's infamous known as
the life regenerator a life regenerator
it's the same dangerous dangerous game
of offering pseudo-scientific rumor
based [ __ ] health advice for people
claiming you can cure diseases you can't
cure claiming you know the scientific
basis for diseases and nutritional
information you don't know and the shame
of it is that it's simultaneously very
real and very fake it's simultaneously
very silly and very serious and somebody
like Frehley she can play the part of
the bimbo all she wants to she can toss
her hair and smile and laugh and pretend
that it doesn't get to her I know that
my videos on my channel deeply hurt her
and deeply angered her and I know that
because she took aside a friend of mine
just using friend an acquaintance
whatever want to say of mine in
Chiangmai and screamed at her with rage
because that friend of mine had appeared
on my channel just talking in a
down-to-earth honest way about how much
fat she had gained how much weight she
had gained following freelee's diet
advice
living on permanent vacation in Chiang
Mai that's bad advice you know I know it
deeply wounds freely and she responds
with anger and rage and we also how
angry she was when she was on that TV
news show in Australia and they just
asked her what education she had she had
a choice and she didn't say her only
credential was her body or her
appearance she chose to lie
okay freely that's what makes you a
bimbo and there's a parallelism here you
know because in this video I'm
responding to Charlie and Alina Alina a
lot of people cast shade your way Alina
I don't know anything about you I'm not
gonna say you're a bimbo Alina the irony
is right now you're dating a man who's
choosing to be a bimbo Alina the only
criticism I have for you is that if you
really love that man if you really care
about that man you should be using all
of your power and influence in the
relationship to try to get him on a bus
to get back into the university
classroom he was getting tuition free
university education and he badly needs
it and it's not too hidden he even wants
it part of Charles Marlow the vegan
cheetah is happy to come on camera and
play the role the bimbo I've said many
times he's not as dumb as he pretends to
be but part of him the same part of him
that was so moved when he saw a video on
my channel that said he's never gonna
run for mayor he's never gonna be taken
seriously part of him wants to be taken
seriously and that guy didn't finish
high school he was in and out of prison
he's had all these problems in his life
we all got to make choices Alina you
don't choose how you're perceived
but yes you do get to choose the role
you play and I hope you can look at
someone like freely you look and look at
someone like me you can look in the
mirror you can look at Charles those
choices have consequences take yourself
seriously hold yourself to a higher
standard because if you don't nobody
else will a bonus Yin
[Music]